Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Local residents are complaining
that our land purchase will force
more coyotes into neighborhoods.
Find out who the swing votes are. and
donate to the NGOs they're associated with.
Understood.
I wish kiwis had more crunch.
Next matter is regarding our partnership
dispute with Seoul University.
Just threaten to cut all funding.
They can't strong-arm us.
If the Korean pear and kiwi could be combined…
...that'd be delicious. no?
Yes. that could be very delicious.
Now. the final matter is regarding...
the death at Trochos.
What now?
The police are continuing to ask questions.
Everyone we've bribed is remaining silent. but...
...the police will reach out to
Eunice and Woosh soon.
That's fine.
They don't know anything.
No need to worry.
I mean. I wasn't either when they
didn't know anything. but...
Once the authorities reach out...
...Eunice or Woosh could look into
the ongoing payments out of the club.
This is such a headache!
The whole reason I remarried
was because he was fun.
Someone to eat with.
To travel with. That's all.
Since we can't open
any shell companies at the moment.
we need to establish a legitimate cash
flow between the club and Trochos.
If I wanted drama...
I would have stayed with my first husband.
I was considering
Woosh's medical tourism packages.
We could offer a similar program.
officially sanctioned by the country club...
I'll say it again...
...the more clean money flowing
between the club and Trochos. the better.
Woosh will hate that--
Okay. So we are agreed
that we sell the house.
and we each get our portion
of the down payment back.
Adjusted for inflation.
And whatever profit we get.
we split it 50-50.
-Easy.
-Great.
Done.
And then. uh. we agree
that I will be the sole custodian
of Burberry going forward.
I do want you
to reconsider naming him that… but yes.
Thank you for the feedback.
You're welcome.
Great. we are flying through this.
I'm just so glad
we can be mature about it.
Okay. so should we. um.
talk about the announcement?
I've drafted up a post.
Oh. did you?
Yeah. it's just a… just a rough draft.
Oh.
You don't wanna wait
until things are finalized?
What's the rush?
It's been a month since we decided.
We need to let people know at some point.
Um…
-Can you just read it?
-Yep.
I… I kept it super vague.
just… trials and triumphs.
Uh. we're still each other's biggest fans.
Please respect our privacy at this time.
No.
You have to pick a new photo.
The caption's awful as well.
Um…
Okay. Just. uh. pick a photo.
and tell me what to post.
Mm-hmm.
Uh. did you sign
your contract extension yet?
Uh. no. I told you.
Park's going back and forth
with the language still.
Oh.
That's convenient.
What does… what does that mean?
Convenient?
I'm not the one that's delaying it.
She is. okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
Don't fuck me over. Josh.
I'm not gonna fuck you over. Jesus.
What?
Nothing.
You just look different.
So cumulatively speaking.
we actually owe $27.802.
How is that even possible?
Well. the hospital was out of network.
so we have to cover half.
The urgent care bill has a late fee on it.
And while we're here. just to say it.
um. your parking tickets
are going into collections.
Are there any subscriptions we can cancel?
Mm. there's that app we signed up for
to help us with our finances.
Yeah. yeah. cancel that.
Cancel everything.
Okay.
So it's 27.795 now.
Thank God I started working full-time.
We're never gonna be able to afford IVF.
That was a train. right?
Felt a little earthquakey.
Why aren't you more upset about this?
Don't you care about having a baby?
Of course I care. Ash.
I'm just wondering if maybe we should
save up first for food. water?
The Brita filter's lived here
longer than we have.
Okay. well. I'll steal some waters
at the club tomorrow.
I mean. I don't know.
Maybe this is the universe. like.
telling us to slow down. you know?
We're not even married yet.
I still want to. of course.
We can get married at the courthouse.
We can do that anytime.
Babe. why are we rushing everything?
I'm not.
This is just all part of being an adult.
I'm just trying to make sure
I can give us what we need.
Yeah. but let's take our time with it
and. like. enjoy our lives. you know?
I mean. we haven't even been down
to the beach once this month.
I know. you're right.
We can go Sunday.
I guess I just…
I kind of feel like it'll all go away
if we don't.
and I know that's stupid.
It's not stupid.
You're just stressed.
Can I do our daily check early?
Mm-hmm. of course.
I know this is unhealthy.
but it really does help me so much.
Mm. I get it.
I gotta earn that trust back.
Who the fuck is 415…
Oh. wait. it's DoorDash.
Sorry.
Okay. Uh. so as we continue to build out
the wellness center.
we'll be temporarily using the pro shop
to sell Trochos products.
Uh. members can sign up for procedures
at the Seoul clinic with any employee.
and for each sale.
you'll be entitled to a 10% commission.
Oh. just saw Calvin perk up.
You know it. I need that money.
Yeah.
You and me both. Calvin. You and me both.
Uh. so for any questions.
just go ahead and ask Woosh.
who is running late again.
and he'll set you up.
All right?
Let's go out there and be team MVP.
They want to add
a body composition analyzer there. yeah?
That's correct. yes.
Around how much would that cost?
3K. 5. some go higher.
There's no way
it'd be 75K. right?
You know.
Ashley's really good with numbers
if you need help
keeping track of everything.
That's nice.
Now. why did we replace
the old ellipticals?
Are Precors that different
from other brands?
Hey. is everything okay?
Yes. of course.
I just have a lot on my plate right now.
Look. I know we haven't talked that much
since the hospital.
but it's not 'cause I don't care.
Ashley's gone through a lot
this past month. so I gotta focus on her.
But if you ever wanna
talk about anything.
you can always hit me up.
Anytime.
Before dinner.
And maybe in. like. a public setting.
No.
I'm okay. honestly.
I think that's all the questions I had.
What the hell is this?
Lindsay!
- Oh my God. Hi!
- Hey!
I can't believe she's 6.
Where does the time go?
It's so good to see you.
We didn't know you were coming.
Oh. well. Grace's birthday is
on my calendar every year.
I just wanted to make up
for missing the last few.
Oh. well. thank you so much.
You should put this in the shade.
It's gonna start expanding in the heat.
Oh. Okay.
Well. it is so good to see you.
Food and drinks are right over there.
Oh. she looks amazing.
Sorry. just…
Meredith. I had a quick question.
Um. hypothetically.
if a couple was getting divorced.
um. and one of them
was up for a promotion.
how does that work
if the paperwork isn't signed yet?
-Oh!
-Oh my God!
Jimmy!
It doesn't look like Lindsay liked that.
Everyone is in charge of
their own body. remember?
I'm so sorry.
He's grown so much. It's. um…
Well. when's his birthday?
Gotta get that in the calendar.
Oh. you don't need to do that.
I should actually
go grab that snake from him.
Sorry. so just real quick.
So in that hypothetical scenario.
can the wife be entitled
to future earnings
if she helped foster the relationships
that led to the promotion?
It depends on a lot of things.
When they separated.
the nature of the contract…
California courts typically
don't split future wages.
Right. Well. my. um. friend Penelope
is getting divorced.
- Mm.
- It's really sad.
Um. and she said that ChatGPT said
that she could prove her contributions
in court.
I should get going.
It was so great to see--
Sorry. just real…
Last thing. I promise. Um…
Sorry. Penelope had a few more questions.
I just wrote a little list.
Uh. I guess. just. you know.
is there anything else
that she could possibly do
to help her cause?
Um. she might be able to get a hold
of an incriminating video of her husband.
It's a bit complicated…
If Penelope wants to chat more.
she can set a time for my office.
Uh. Penelope's a little tight on money.
so just to ask it. what's your rate again?
- Jimmy. it's such a fun game!
- No! No!
What do you need. sweetie?
I want her to go on the bounce house!
Oh. I don't know about that. I'm--
Please?
Uh. sorry for the delay. fellas.
That eucalyptus mist should kick in now.
And lunches are comped on me.
Ah. appreciate you. Josh.
- You're the man. Troy.
- Hey. Josh!
I heard
Lindsay stopped by Gracie's birthday.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah.
Uh. sorry. who's… who's that speaking?
It's Paul.
Oh. yes. Paul. Of course. yeah.
Oh. I didn't realize
Lindsay was stopping by.
Yeah. Meredith told me your friend
Penelope's looking for a divorce lawyer.
Man. why didn't you come straight to me?
You know I got you.
Oh. yeah! Sorry. yeah.
I should've done that.
Hey. your friend
should get a move on it though.
Paul and Meredith book up fast.
I got stuck with fucking Fred
on my divorce.
The sooner you get going.
the better.
Whoever secretly switches offense first
gets a huge leg up.
It sounds like things could get
contentious with this husband's promotion.
Oh wow. Cool. yeah. Sounds like Lindsay
really gave her the full download. huh?
Have Penelope send that video too.
Uh…
Uh. sorry. who's… who's speaking now?
-Bro. it's Billy.
-Oh. my bad.
Uh. what exactly did Lindsay share
about the video?
Not… not much. Let's chat after.
We're ruining the steam sesh.
Yeah. sure.
-Whoa. Hey.
-Sorry about that… Yep.
-Watch your back. bro.
-No. my bad. My bad. Okay.
- Love you. Josh.
- Sorry. fellas.
For a limited time only.
you could upgrade
to the luxury recovery suite for $2.000.
Oh my God. You're such a twat.
I don't care about the cost.
This was my idea.
Now the entire staff's getting in on it.
You think I like this?
I'm getting fucked over too.
I don't understand.
I thought Dr. Kim was retiring.
Yeah. I don't know.
They must've hired someone new.
The chairwoman doesn't tell me shit.
I should've just stayed in Seoul.
The food here sucks.
I'm getting fat.
Fucking lasagna every day.
Yeah.
I can see it in your jowls.
Ashley!
-Hi!
-Hi! Oh!
Hi! There you are!
Um. I got you a little… little present.
What?
I never got the chance to thank you
for helping me look for Burberry.
Oh. you didn't have to do that.
I… I wanted to help.
-I'm so sorry again for what happened.
-Oh. thanks.
It was just so generous of you
to come out like that.
And after your surgery.
How are you? You all right?
I've been meaning to check in.
Yeah. I'm great.
Uh. all healed up. Things are great.
Oh. I'm so glad. Here. Open it.
Okay.
Aw.
Uh… Thank you!
It's a golf outfit.
Yeah. thank you!
Have you played golf before?
Uh. here and there with my dad.
You should brush up
'cause Ava's always looking for women
to play with at the club here.
Oh. fun!
Wh… why?
Why! Um. so last time. you know.
we were talking about how you were worried
about fertility and stuff.
Uh. yeah.
-Wow. uh. thank you for remembering.
-Oh my God. of course.
You know.
I just want to help however I can.
And. you know. Ava's cousin is. like.
literally the best OB-GYN in the country.
Really?
And you think she could help me?
Uh. Dr. Aliabadi. no problem.
She literally gets. like.
all the celebrities pregnant.
That's so kind of you. I…
-Uh. I don't even know what to say.
-No. I don't need to see that. Save it.
I'm gonna teach you
how to work the women at the club here.
You just have to follow my lead. okay?
Yeah. okay. Uh. I can do that.
-I guess I'll do anything at this point.
-Come right this way.
Hug?
Thank you so much.
-Thank you.
-Mm. you're so welcome.
Crazy.
It's a work in progress.
but this will be
our state-of-the-art wellness center.
Yeah.
Can I reserve the whole space?
I don't need leaked pictures
getting out there of my rehab process.
Of course. no.
Uh. you know. the person
to answer all these questions is
our very own on-site physical therapist.
Austin Davis. that I told you about.
Wow. Suni.
Come on over here.
It's an honor.
You were incredible at the Paris Olympics.
Thank you. So Josh says that you'll
work with my team to get me right for LA.
Uh. yeah. I mean. it depends.
What ails you?
Well. nobody's been able
to figure out why.
but I feel a slight pinch
in my QL and my psoas when I do this.
Hmm. Mm-hmm.
Psoas. QL. I see.
Hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. I think I know what it is.
but. you know. if not me.
I'm sure we can find
some great physical therapists
in the area.
No. Austin's being humble.
He's helped so many members out.
and he alone is worth the membership.
Yeah. you're sweating like crazy.
Yes. I run hot
due to my high basal metabolic rate.
Yeah. you know what?
Why don't we get you over to the sauna.
and. uh. we'll have
an attendant there waiting for you.
All right. Nice to meet you. Austin.
Better get me that gold.
Turn that cold plunge into a gold plunge.
You know what I mean?
-How you doing. man? You okay?
-Yeah. No. I'm good. Yeah.
No. Uh. I'm just… just a huge fan.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
A lot of titans coming through here.
you know?
Hey. I got awestruck too
when I first started out.
so you're doing great.
-Thanks. man.
-Yeah.
Um. I was thinking we haven't had a chance
to really spend much time together.
so I thought. "Why don't we do a session?"
Yeah?
Okay.
-Yeah. anytime.
-Okay.
Did you wanna do it here at the club. or…
Uh. why don't you come
to my place tomorrow?
We'll see what you can do
and. you know. spend some time together.
Fo sho. Can't wait.
Okay. great.
I was listening to this one episode
of Dr. Aliabadi's podcast.
and she literally helped a couple
in our exact situation.
-They have twins now. Isn't that crazy?
-Oh wow. Twins.
Fuck.
That'd be amazing. right?
We could name ours Augie and Ashton.
I thought we were gonna take things slow.
We can't pass this up.
People literally wait years
to be seen by her.
Um…
How expensive is this gonna be?
They have payment plans.
And I'm gonna start signing people up
for the Trochos packages too.
So. basically. I gotta start working more.
What is that supposed to mean?
I'm just saying. manipulating women
to fuck up their faces isn't. like.
something you're supposed to be good at.
Well. Lindsay's gonna help me.
Do you not hear yourself right now?
I thought you'd be excited about this.
So what's Lindsay's angle?
What is she getting out of all this?
What do you mean?
She just wants to help us out. She's nice.
Since when?
Since always.
She was telling me today
how she spent her whole inheritance
on his mom's medical bills.
And in return.
he. like. totally shut her out.
Literally. he moved out of their bedroom.
They only had sex once all last year
because he's. like. addicted to OnlyFans.
It's disgusting.
She told you all that?
Yeah. It's so nice to. like.
finally have a real friend at the club.
Well. I'm sure
there's two sides to their story.
What would be his side?
"I'm a fucking perv"? The end?
I don't know.
Maybe he doesn't know
how to express how he feels.
Maybe he doesn't know what he feels.
and all he longs for is
for someone to help him process things.
"All he longs for"?
Why are you talking like that?
I'm just trying
to put myself in his shoes.
Some people come from certain upbringings
that can. like.
stunt their communication skills
or whatever.
And if they're scared
of how the other person might react.
they can. like… shut down and stuff.
Okay. well. all I can go off of
is what I know.
And what I know of Josh is bad.
That's fine.
But I will say this.
From the outside.
we look bad.
We blackmailed for your promotion.
We forged my PT license.
I'm learning how to rehab
one of the greatest athletes of all time
from ChatGPT.
No. yeah. I hear you.
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Yeah. No. just still hurts
from the surgery.
-Can you get me the heating pad?
-Of course.
And a cup of tea?
Yeah. You just sit and relax.
I'll take care of you.
-Chamomile in the big mug?
-Yeah!
That's fucking stupid.
Hey.
Can we talk?
Uh. yeah.
So I heard you went and saw Meredith.
Um…
Yeah. Just went to ask
some… hypothetical questions.
Yeah. I heard all about the questions.
Look. I'm in a vulnerable position. Josh.
I'm allowed to ask questions.
No. you're entitled to a lawyer.
As am I.
And you're entitled to… go
and try to get the video from the kids.
As am I.
So I don't wanna argue.
I just wanna let you know
that I did file the petition for divorce
with the court.
And I had Meredith and Paul
draft up the terms that we discussed.
So all you need to do
is sign the waiver of service.
and we can get all this over with quickly.
Well. I'm not signing that
until you've signed
your contract extension.
Well then.
I prefer to discuss that with our lawyers.
Are you fucking kidding me?
No.
Is this really how you wanna end things?
I prefer that we discuss this
through our lawyers.
Wow.
You selfish piece of shit.
-Are you done?
-No.
Do you know how fucking boring it's been
being married to you?
Do you know how bored I am?
I'm gonna fuck
every guy over 5'9" at the club.
I'm gonna fuck Billy! I'm gonna fuck Dan!
I'm gonna fuck the shit out of Woosh!
English.
Speak to representative.
Credit card application status.
Credit card application stat--
Oh. hi.
-Hi!
-Hi. Eunice.
-I'm so sorry to bother.
-Oh my gosh. not at all.
Um. I'm so sorry for not thanking you
for the flowers and the get well card.
This month
has just. like. flown by. you know?
Time is. like. so crazy.
It's okay.
I'm so glad you're feeling better.
Gosh. you've gotta take me
shopping sometime.
You always have the best style.
That's so nice of you to say.
I love your style as well.
Yay. shopping date.
Yay!
So what's up?
So I was wondering.
do you happen to archive
old invoices here?
Uh. no. that's off-site with finance.
But what are you looking for?
I just wanted to check a few payments
that went out to Korea.
Oh. yeah.
Sorry. you have to go through finance
and get Josh's approval for that.
I see.
So there's nothing at all?
Sorry.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. no. everything's fine.
You know what?
I did take a picture of some last month.
One sec.
I looked up the names.
and they were staff at Trochos.
so I figured it was all
part of. like. setting everything up here.
Oh. that's so helpful. Thank you so much.
Oh! Here it is.
And please tell Austin thank you as well
for going over
all the equipment yesterday.
Oh. yeah?
I know you two have so much going on.
so I appreciate you taking the time.
Aw. of course.
You know what? I'm just now remembering.
I should probably run this by Woosh first.
since he's kind of running point
on all the Trochos stuff and whatnot.
Oh. well. you can just send me the photo.
and I can talk to him.
Um…
Yeah. no. I'd rather not.
Ooh. I've got to take this.
It's the doctor.
Austin and I are doing IVF.
Hi. Doctor.
If you think about it.
the modern workplace has eliminated
most of our rotational movement.
Yeah. I mean. that makes sense
'cause we sit all day.
- Yep.
- I hadn't thought about that. Thank you.
You're welcome.
So… tell me
a little bit more about yourself. man.
You played football?
-Yeah. at ASU.
-All four years?
All right. let's switch over
to the other side.
I got injured in my junior year
after I won the Butkus Award in 2015.
That's too bad.
-I'm just gonna warn you.
-Yep.
Due to my high basal metabolic rate.
I may sweat on you.
Yeah.
It's all good. man.
So you got injured.
and then you started pursuing
your physical therapy degree?
Mm-hmm.
Your thoracic spine's pretty rigid.
I tweaked it… a long time ago.
so it's probably holding on to that.
Hey. man. so I hear Lindsay and Ashley
have been spending a lot of time together.
Yeah. she really appreciates
the friendship.
Yeah. that's… that's really nice.
I was a little surprised 'cause
they don't seem to have much in common.
-I wonder what they even talk about.
-Right.
Like. what do they talk about?
Um. let me look back here?
Yeah. yeah. go for it.
Get in there. Please.
You know… chronic pain is
a physical manifestation
of the emotional interior. they say.
-Is that right?
-Mm-hmm.
-Huh.
-Mind-body connection.
Thank you. Wow. you're very good.
-Ooh! Very good. yeah.
-Thank you.
Yeah.
Hey. do you know…
do you know anything about cold plunges?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Yeah?
Troy gifted me one a while back.
and I haven't put it together yet.
Oh my God. I can help you
put that together easy.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Let's do it.
Fo sho.
And then Troy took me to Napa.
and we had the most magical meal
I've ever had in my life.
Oh my God. that's so romantic.
Right? I don't know what I did
in a past life to get this lucky.
- Shit.
- That's not luck.
It's because she's such a good person.
I can do this.
Uh. I don't think it's luck. Ava.
I think it's 'cause
you're such a good person.
Aw. Ash. you're so sweet.
You know what? Fuck it.
I'm just gonna bring the ball up. okay?
Oh my gosh. yeah.
Sand should only belong on the beach.
I always say.
Linds. did you see how everyone's
signing up for those Trochos packages?
-You don't think I need it. right?
-Oh my God. no. You look so young.
Yeah… you look younger than me. even.
Stop. Now I know you're lying.
I mean. I probably don't need it. Right?
-No. Oh my God. no.
-Definitely not.
Right.
I was thinking.
actually. of signing up myself.
Ashley was gonna walk me through it later.
You can come along if you want.
Okay. Yeah. I'd just be curious
what it all entails.
Yeah. I mean. you don't need it.
But. you know. if you're into it.
you can just say you're coming with me
for emotional support.
and no one will ever know.
Ashley will do everything very discreetly.
Right. Ash?
Oh. totally. Super discreet.
Oh my God. that would be so magical.
Well. Ashley needs the double commission.
She's starting IVF with Dr. Shin.
- Dr. Shin?
- Yeah.
I mean. he's the best. right?
Yeah. Dr. Shin. Uh…
Miracle hands is what they told us.
Well. I don't know who told you that.
but my cousin is the best in the country.
-Did you already start with Dr. Shin?
-No. not yet.
I'll connect you with my cousin.
She'll see you right away.
Fuck!
Yeah. man.
It's good we're finally setting this up.
As a certified physical therapist.
I plunge all the time.
Like. I'm super familiar
with all the benefits and what have you.
Cold's good for the body.
-Hot's good as well.
-Mm.
-You can mix it up.
-Yeah.
In which order? Depends on varying factors
that I won't get into now.
At the end of the day.
it's all about information.
Well. this is so helpful. brother.
-Really. really appreciate it.
-Anytime.
All things wellness. I'm your guy.
Ah.
I mean. is there anything
that I can help you out with?
Like. what's going on with you?
No. I'm good.
Just… digging in. Day by day.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
And how are things with Ashley?
Like. is everything… everything okay
on that front?
Uh. everything's great. We're great.
Good.
-Yeah. It's really awesome.
-Yeah.
Well. I know
that we all started off on the wrong foot.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm just so happy
that all that's behind us now. Right?
Yeah. Me too.
Yeah.
I'm just gonna get a few more things
and get out of here.
Yep.
Is this. uh. part of the setup?
Oh!
Oh yeah! I forgot about that.
Yeah. Troy gave me this with the plunge.
Have you… have you ever heard of bufo?
Bro.
-Are you familiar?
-Oh. I'm familiar.
Is it crazy?
Nah. it's chill.
-Really?
-Yeah.
'Cause Troy said it'd cure
all of my neurosis in. like. ten minutes.
Yeah. man. I've seen it happen in eight.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Oh.
I mean. I just wouldn't wanna
do it alone. though. you know.
Mm.
Let me move some things around.
I'm here for you.
-For real?
-For real.
And it's all-inclusive
with the millennial makeover package.
- Right. Woosh?
- Yep.
Hey. so this invoice you sent me
was from last month. yeah?
Uh. yeah. Eunice said she needed to check
the numbers or something.
so I figured
you'd know what to do with it.
Thanks. Yeah. I know exactly what to do.
I'll be right back.
So what do you think. Ava?
Should I go for the whole package?
Only if you feel comfortable.
Yeah. sleep on it.
You can always start with one area.
But I will say that most people end up
wishing they did the whole package.
It's such a long flight. right?
You have to pay
for the recovery fee each time.
Exactly.
And are we sure that this doctor
is as good as Dr. Kim?
I mean. some people say he's even better.
He only does Korean actors and pop stars.
Wow. so cool.
- And Shakira.
- Shakira?
Oh my. And is it business class or coach?
And where do we stay?
Oh. the tickets are business class.
And you stay at a five-star hotel.
Wait. what?
All that's included in the package?
Black car service too.
Uh. fine. Let me see this menu.
Okay. I actually want all of this.
But if anyone ever finds out.
I will kill you.
No one's gonna find out from us.
You're just my emotional support. right?
We're doing a girls' trip. Troy's paying.
You okay. brother?
Your… your turn. brother.
Bro. I'm gonna hold off for now
'cause I wanna make sure
to guide you to a good place. okay?
Okay.
Any moment now.
you should experience a whiteout
where you disappear
and all that remains is love.
Just take a few more hits
and try to break through. okay?
Okay.
Austin. Austin.
Linds?
It's okay. darling. I love you.
Mama.
It's okay. my boy.
You don't have to try so hard.
I love you.
no matter what. mijito.
Mama.
I have to tell you something.
It's very important.
I just saw every woman
that I've ever slept with.
And then my mom became me.
Yeah. man.
That's bufo.
Bufo.
No.
No. it's me.
It's me. I… I…
I did this to myself.
I might have given you
the wrong dose. man.
It's not your fault. okay?
Austin. can I be honest with you?
I invited you over here
to try to convince you
to delete the backup videos of the fight.
Oh.
Lindsay and I are getting divorced.
I'm sorry.
I think we all saw it coming.
I was gonna try to get to the video
before she did.
I thought
I could get it from you on drugs.
It's… it's fucking pathetic.
Damn. that would've worked.
It's just
I don't know how to get to the other side.
You know?
I feel like there's just so much love.
like. right there.
But I just… I just can't…
I just can't get there.
A lot of people love you. man.
Everyone at the club loves you.
No. you see. I grasp at all of that.
I steal it.
I steal all of it
to try and. like. construct
this crutch to prop me up.
You know? 'Cause I don't… I can't…
I don't even know how
to stand anymore. you know?
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah. I'm familiar.
Well. whatever your Achilles heel is.
that little spot…
I know you think you've got time
to work on it. and you do.
You actually… You have a lot of time.
But little by little. life's just gonna
chip away at it. you know?
And. you know. you'll think.
"Okay. well. my shit's not so bad."
You know. it's a fleeting thought.
a… a little temptation here and there.
But once I get the job.
then I'm gonna deal with my shit.
But then you've gotta get the promotion.
Right?
And then you gotta get the house.
And then every interaction
becomes about me. me. me.
"If I do this for Troy.
then maybe Troy will help me later."
You start thinking that way
because it's the only way
to keep your head above water.
And then when you finally catch a breath.
and you go to stand on your own two feet.
that Achilles heel is just gonna give out.
And you're gonna fall.
And you're gonna grasp
at everyone around you.
But it's too late.
You're going down.
And that fleeting thought…
is who you are now.
And you're never gonna change.
Uh… Um…
Have you ever. like.
I don't know.
thought about another girl
while you were with Lindsay?
Brother.
Let's talk.
Um. never have I ever slept
with a coworker.
What?
-Austin.
-Oh. Aw. boring.
Um… Oh God. at the club?
Um. right there.
Oh my God.
Josh and I used to literally have sex
on the polo ground at Coachella.
But he would never ever. ever at work.
Really?
-Not even once?
-No.
Although. he has caught Troy and Ava
having sex in the swimming pool.
Oh my God.
I guess that adds up.
So. like.
Troy and Ava are…
are. like. happily married?
I mean. yeah. I don't know. I guess.
I mean. it's easy. you know. if it's all…
…travel
and fancy events and dinner
and. you know. zero drama
because there's zero substance.
Right.
I don't know.
Maybe they've got the right idea.
Anyway.
you. uh. have
the right doctor now.
Mm-hmm.
And you have a way to pay for it.
-Ah!
-Ooh!
To your… Ooh!
Ooh!
…future
baby.
Cheers.
Hey. um…
Uh…
Sorry if this is weird. but. um.
can you tell me
why you're being so nice to me?
I don't know what you're talking about.
All right. I admit I did have an agenda.
I thought I needed something from you.
But I'm realizing that I don't.
And I just want to help
however I can.
No strings attached.
-You sure?
-Yeah. I'm sure.
I feel like we should split
the commissions at least.
No.
You need it for IVF. I'm fine.
Can I ask why you and Josh never had kids?
Uh.
yeah.
No. we did get pregnant once.
But it didn't stick.
-I'm sorry.
-That's all right. It happens.
We've been meaning to try again.
But I think deep down
we probably both knew
it was a temporary Band-Aid.
Band-Aid for what?
For the immense pain of knowing
that you picked the wrong person.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah. in hindsight.
there were just so many signs.
You just think.
"How the fuck
did I not realize this sooner?"
What kind of signs?
Oh my God. so many. like.
uh. the constant fighting that you saw.
Um…
The manipulating for attention.
seeking affection
outside of the relationship.
But that's just
normal ups and downs. right?
I mean. don't people say that
you shouldn't be looking
for the right person.
but actually the right wrong person?
Someone who's seen you at your worst
and you've seen them at theirs.
but you still wanna stay?
Yeah. maybe.
Or maybe it's just…
that's just something
people tell themselves because
it's too hard to admit that this thing.
which finally gave your existence
some semblance of meaning.
is just a sham.
'Cause then what?
You know. you're 40 years old
without the faintest idea of who you are.
Nobody wants that.
You sure you want
to have a baby with Austin?
Yeah. no. I'm sure.
Well. let's sign up some more women. then.
Cheers.
You're my new best friend. man.
I appreciate the talk. bro.
Yeah. yeah.
-Be kind to yourself. Okay?
-Yeah. Okay.
We're gonna be drawn in
by other frequencies.
Mm-hmm.
-Other people. other women.
-Right.
Just let it be. No judgments.
No interpretations. Just…
It's just harmony and dissonance.
Harmony. dissonance.
No. I know.
I just needed to talk it all out.
-Yeah.
-I'm gonna focus on Ashley.
-Thanks.
All right.
Whoo!
What the fuck?
Dismantle…
Fuck.
Hey! You're back.
Uh. sorry. I think you've mistaken me
for someone else.
-Happens all the time.
-No. no. no. no.
I distinctly remember your little car
driving by about a month ago.
What?
I thought to myself.
"What a nice pistachio color."
I even told the Greek guy who lives here.
but he was so upset about his lost dog.
Are you sure it was a Fiat?
I'm pretty sure.
I have the Ring footage on my phone.
Um. may I see the footage. miss?
Are you Polynesian?
Sure.
Beautiful night tonight.
It's too dry. Bad for my skin.
Your skin looks amazing though.
What do you want to discuss?
I don't have time for this.
Of course.
I just wanted you to know that the
authorities in Seoul have contacted me.
About the patient's death at Trochos.
Why would they contact you?
That's very strange.
I know. I found it odd as well.
I have to get ready for dinner.
Will you help me with my necklace?
For now. I said I know nothing.
But if there's something
more specific I should say…
There's nothing to say.
That poor woman died of
a pre-existing condition.
Once they find out you've been bribing
Trochos staff through the club...
...I don't know if that will suffice.
Your father gave this to me.
He always had great taste.
Great taste in fashion. but not in women.
You inherited that.
Chairwoman. I appreciate how
you've kept me afloat all these years...
...but I feel I can do more in life than
manage the tennis shop and sell skincare.
Perhaps you can offer me
a VP position at PK Group?
You...
...look more like your mother
than your father.
I've been told that a lot.
At least you have your father's eyes.
I often wonder...
...what my life would have been like had
your father and I stayed together.
But then I wouldn't exist.
I guess that's true.
Also...
...then you wouldn't have been
VP at PK Electronics.
Let me know when you can start.
Thank you so much. Chairwoman.
Okay. I need to get ready now.
♪ Well. we're all getting bigger ♪
♪ But it takes time to be a man ♪
♪ And it's more than you figure ♪
♪ Well. take it slow and take my hand ♪
♪ And there's room at the mountaintop ♪
♪ For everyone in God's plan ♪
♪ So just trust in your brother ♪
♪ Let me help you if I can ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ I bet you can't get what you want ♪
♪ Come on. baby. come on. darling ♪
♪ I bet you can't get what you need ♪
♪ Come on. sugar. and try ♪
♪ And there's faith in the answer ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm